 according to the 1884-44-42-year-old men, the eight-year-old men and chinese people have to pay tax.
 the provisions of the convention should be incorporated into the provisions of the convention or into the provisions of article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performance during the year's 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations has accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the inclusion of candidates would be included in the inclusion of the candidate for consultation.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the 2 phase is required to set up grade levels as a basis for pay pay.
 however, according to the gradual development of china's tourism markets, the price of price price prices for these districts may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for the shopping and street market stalls in the past 5 years have reached the highest vacancy rate.
 the most difficult change in peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict in the annual year's assumption that there can be significant changes in the annual year.
 it is important to take into account the intentions of the country, rather than instruments.
 israel a spokesman said that the occupying forces had to stay for long years.
 some people believe that this action could not be used if it is open to open and transparent consultations.
 this is a useful help to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by member states.
 the namibian family family association was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization of reproductive health.
 states parties are most appropriate to report the most critical health issues affecting women in their country.
 it exercises the powers of international treaties, therefore, legal and de facto, and in fact, a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to do so.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who comply with the law should be understood by the international community, and the international community, in its decision and action.
 the parents are unable to hand, but the responsibility of the responsibilities of the responsibilities are fully put to schools and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the results of the system.
 on my list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, he will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos hos scheme must avoid private property market competition and the maintenance of the two industries.
 we explore the strengthening of the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations in consultation with the countries concerned with the relevant countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term of the chief executive will be elected by the chief executive.
 if a person has a installation of security, the person must at least pay attention to the use of the installation of the devices.
 it also established a national e-commerce network, and conducted in october 1998, the 1 foreign trade network was held in october 1998.
 the real growth rate of gross domestic product in 1996 was revised by 9.9<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 after the first visit to china on the first visit to china, women's queens and burgburgh will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile was detonated by the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as for the reasons mentioned in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers are in principle not compensable.
 the decision-making decisions should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the president of the general assembly.
 there are long-standing problems between the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus, as well as the government of the republic of belarus, to the organization's contribution to the organization.
 as a member of the world trade organization for transitional products between india and the united states, india was represented in the world trade organization.
 the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of the world's college is a new one.
 however, the committee notes that the service of the country is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of a system of education and services for this purpose.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that they would like to use the internet to register with relevant banks.
 mr tsang also thanked the marine department of marine department and other interested parties to assist in the construction of the marine department.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions concerning these groups require a number of preconditions.
 8 tropical cyclone warnings were warning to normal. the situation in hong kong will gradually return to normal.
 it was regrettable that the draft guidelines prepared by the conference are incompatible with the draft convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to resolve these problems.
 official languages of the conference include the language of english, french, french, french and spanish, this year.
 in addition to the transactions of local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions, local financial institutions and local non-financal customers were carried out by 2<unk> and 10<unk> respectively.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey singletons in areas which are planned.
 it is vital that the search is to be done, and this is the possibility of multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit then arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 there is a concern for the contribution of donor countries in the region.
 the public prosecutor has issued an appeal to france, and the chamber shall leave him to france.
 the trend towards the slowdown in these countries has led us to the economic progress and maintenance of social stability, which led us to our deep concern.
 the week is one, seven days.
 our socialist countries have entered the world, through the united nations, and also between the countries of the north and south.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of the strategic strategy, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in promoting the development efforts of the communication and communication promotion.
 " it will not be possible to know how the sword can be a sword. "
 (15) an international perspective in both words and thinking.
 since the terrorist attacks of 11 september, since the terrorist attacks took place on 11 september.
 china's ministry of agriculture officials said that the national defence control and control of the disease is quite effective.
 chile agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force in the united nations peacekeeping force would be able to prevent the errors of violent conflicts.
 however, at this critical juncture, the coalition must clearly recognize the recognition and recognition of its enemy.
 i very much hope that the executive authorities can make a dialogue with different voices with different voices.
 a speaker speaking on behalf of the african group, commended the efforts made by unifem for the reaction of the responses.
 the chinese government intends to take up the final plan in the early year of early next year.
 at the end of the year, the tide of chi keelung is the first time for the past.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations of the institution.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the state of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs of member states.
 the contents of the contents of the contents have been rich and detailed in the social and social sectors of the public.
 the overwhelming majority of member states have demonstrated that they had to increase the permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 customers can be inserted within six months after the first six months of the special issue.
 the secretary for education and education, mr. wang wing-chuen, visited the secretary for education and other education and education department officials.
 in 1971.
 it is not easy to determine that the contributions of the electorate and electoral campaigns could not be easy.
 the members of the united nations announced to the announcement of the resumption of the resumption of nuclear tests in the pacific in the pacific.
 the age of age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each.
 the bulldozers have been put in place in many cases and even residents in many cases.
 these operations can be the police, armed forces, the armed forces, the armed forces, law enforcement officials, as well as humanitarian and peacekeepers and peacekeepers.
 as a matter of fact, the belgium is to go to the relevant people of the european parliament.
 at present, there is a rapid change in national sovereignty, national security, national security, as well as the concept of peace and security.
 this means to identify genuine responsibility for the means to identify genuine responsibility for the damage caused by the space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms its need to strengthen the process of nation-building, strengthening the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 palestinian troops and residences have been damaged and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the structure of the text is more consistent with the fact that the structure is more consistent.
 this sustained high prices of high prices, not only the people of the people's population, also caused high priority to government authorities and experts.
 he didn't talk about the hearts of the hearts of the hearts.
 we can never hear the valuable opinions of scholars and scholars who have professional knowledge.
 as the saying goes, " we do not have a mistake. "
 it is expected that the great majority of the nation's party will be able to speed up the party inside the new millennium.
 after the days of the days of the days, there's a lot of lights, the light of the lights of the clock, which is like to resent.
 the mainland is open to taiwan's tourism, and the local business industry is optimistic.
 the most common aspect of function of the function of function is the exclusive economic zone and the economic zone of the territorial sea.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to report to this type of fraud in such cases.
 on november 9 last year, margaret chan was officially elected director-general director-general of the united nations specialized specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, the provisions of the national law of extradition in accordance with the provisions of the international court.
 the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948, addressed a new era of relations.
 the committee commends the widespread protection of human rights in the republic of slovenia, in particular the protection of womens human rights.
 er, it has been published by the fact that there was no white black.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are in the process of celebrating a history of history, the process which is extremely uncertain, and the process began in a multiple political dilemma.
 since the opening of the government on the internet, the printing department's homepage has increased from 6000 to november.
 this situation does not appear in the case of the former case of the commission.
 the state party may wish to deal with the problem in the near future.
 the results of the work of the commission will depend on the ability of its members and the commissions.
 the letter of authorisation shall be signed by the original school.
 the contract, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed by the working group and the provision of travel services in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we should pursue " quality " does not mean that the " quantity " is not important.
 the country was generally felt that the international community had no way to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of the user is to assess the damage caused by floods for crops and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government will also need to advance the co-operation between the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong within hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist in the implementation of confidence-building measures held in september and october.
 the crime of the offence was also charged with a crime, the lowest and the maximum limits of a crime, the lowest and the highest limits.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a shot.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for the analysis, the applicant is usually divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of the epidemic.
 as an example is the product of the modern era.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony to ensure peace and harmony and to promote the development of different peoples and cultures of the world.
 as far as food prices are concerned, i do not know what the business sector can do.
 this will also enhance the ability of local production to enable hong kong to create a service centre for the asia-pacific region. "
 i think all of us will understand that we really have a sense of sense of pride of the membership of the council in 17 years.
 in terms of good health, symptoms of the symptoms are mainly minors.
 coordination with the relevant agencies of the united nations are also appropriate and appropriate.
 in the face of the market in the market, parents can find a relatively best-time trip.
 if there is a heavy double-digit figures, the consequences are certainly very serious.
 for those vietnameses and laos, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been functioning well-established in 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear tests was maintained before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have traveled travel and immigration.
 they also felt that this could lead to a precedent, which led to the adoption of a notice at all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the question, the government will never give legal advice to the public.
 as at august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong were listed in hong kong through a total of about $ 70000000000 in hong kong.
 so far, more than 30 tons of aid were transported to the goma and on land-based assets.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the board appreciation for the introduction of globalization and new technologies to the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women was reflected in the gap between women and men.
 on the other hand, prior to the opening up of the border in 1994, it was impossible to cooperate with egypt.
 madam president, the procession, in fact, is not the right of a small group, and it is not often a political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of some discussion.
 recently, the private sector and the foundation for the private sector to cooperate with the united nations in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other words, " he said.
 i am excited.
 there are two documents, one of the two cards, one of the two cards, and another alternative to the residents.
 as time is limited, i do not have all services to all services.
 this is no doubt that britain's political situation in britain will not help to solve the problem in hong kong.
 the model consists of the models of the 3 per cents of the persian gulf and the fragmentation model.
 9 percentage points of this growth came from currency exchange rates.
 the typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in place where the import and export of weapons of arms.
 switzerland is not in no way to tolerate the financial systems of terrorism using the swiss financial system in the future.
 most of the job vacancies are available for a diploma or graduate degree, with a monthly salary of $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 the total value of construction works in the 3 quarter of 1999 was shown in the table.
 with regard to the details of the functions of the committee, please see the " financial and capital commission act act ".
 it is hoped that in the near future, it would be hoped that the national television stations will be broadcast on television stations in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth of commonwealth is a great deal of support and support for the commonwealth official activities.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now on the ground, and the outlook for the future.
 because mr leung yiu-chung has a lot of time, so i would like to give my support to my support.
 the observer for women, the african and american cultural associations of the inter-american association, should be recognized as a minority in argentina.
 " we plan to conduct an annual survey of the performance of the university every year to carry out the performance of the university.
 we are not aware of the chinese version of the chinese government, and it is very likely that hong kong officials do not find any excuse for the mainland.
 the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law establishes those parties (i.e. signatures) in the model law, which depended on the criteria for the state and certification service.
 as a result, the rate of capacity for the implementation of the national programme is expected to be low.
 the commission is considering a gender perspective to consider specific topics.
 " the sar will warmly support the wto as early as possible.
 for example, the sub-saharan african region of sub-saharan africa is only a telephone call.
 the press is respecting the dignity and reputation of the body and the body of the institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed the rafall crossing crossing between the gaza strip and egypt, which closed a number of days.
 in view of the unloading of unloading, the cost of a faster programme has been reduced and transport costs are therefore benefited.
 as a result of the ch'i's <unk> amp; quot;
 3. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2.
 when she wants to do, she would like to do what we can do, such as radio, television, reading, sporting, sporting and bulletin.
 it is indeed difficult to talk about the children's children in taiwan, and it is indeed difficult to look at their impact on them.
 in the light of the freight cost, it would be possible to pay for a higher value of compensation.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing invited me to explain that there is no relationship with the re-establishment of the district.
 a consultant was entrusted with an independent expert group to provide independent experts on the basis of openness, transparent and transparent.
 i do not have the eye to see, but often heard that such reports have been heard.
 (a) interested companies who are interested in rental applications for the cyberport intend to apply for formal application applications.
 in the movies, there's a great deal of stories about the killings of the man's man's streets, " says hobergman " and the alexander.
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, director of health, said that he could reach some four years later.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women account for more than 50 per cent of existing staff, of which 1<unk>3 of them serve as management posts.
 in the court's view, the buyer did not fulfil the obligations of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should have a channel with the league of human rights commissions on human rights.
 the current session of the sponsor of the draft sponsoring the 50 session of the bill will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently promised to report on a report on the status of hong kong's financial center in this year.
 the meeting was of the view that the mandate of the general assembly is the prerogative of the general assembly rather than the privileges of the security council.
 this kind of visitors will also go back to the backs of a modern civilization.
 we have a far-reaching objective to develop hong kong's development as an international city in asia.
 the director-general of the director of social welfare, mr cheng and the fund management of the fund management board, will be distributed to senior citizens at $ 80 each.
 the honourable mrs selina chow recommended that the use of " juvenile police " would be enhanced to strengthen their consent.
 there was a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 with regard to the amendment moved by mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment to the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment i would like to point out.
 shanghai <unk> import <unk> import <unk> export companies and export companies are similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping company's companies in hong kong should be able to provide a commercial decision to provide a commercial decision.
 to help the government and people of sierra leone, after the eight years of civil war, consolidating peace in the united states.
 he said that the history of history has just been repeated.
 the development of the countries of the transitional government demonstrates the role of the state in economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party take into account the terms of reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force for the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners have to do many work, reducing tariffs and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica pointed out that the delegation had always been very active in its duties since the members of the committee.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the ancient traditions of the world.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the dancers are the gods of the dances, and then throw the audience.
 the most worrying in the social spheres of the united nations.
 as a result of the emergency medical hospital, the doctor said that the child has already been infected with the disease.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the introduction of the calthlets, they don't forget to go to the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3-party pressures, peace-building, so that ethiopia will no longer war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo should not allow the people in the past to come away from the past.
 we should not forget that these public funds are not wasteless.
 on the contrary, local university places will be increased in the coming year.
 i have recently been attending the general assembly to attend the general assembly.
 a copy of these written statements should be submitted to the prosecutor or the person, as the prosecutor or the person.
 qin jinong said that james soong was arriving at the 1 stop on may 5, and he will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee has also noted that additional information was made by the delegation during the consideration of the report.
 the north korean railway station a major train accident occurred on the 22.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also made a wide variety of information to civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists and journalists.
 i really do not agree with these practices and expressions of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking in international trafficking are also related to other areas, including apparel, agriculture and construction.
 i do not have a protest, but i have often heard religions to promote the spirit of love.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, i am afraid that only the chinese government will be eligible for the future government.
 we need carefully assess the impact of the elections in the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have already set up some of its provisions, especially in the implementation of mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 percent per year.
 the unemployed, for the first time, was reduced to 19.3 million, which was also the first time for the first time in four years.
 in 2004, the import and export bank of the united states will provide funding for us$ 17800000000 in export sales from the united states.
 two informal ministerial conferences will be held on thursday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the legal action that can be taken into account on the pollution of the question of financial services.
 for the establishment of 36 posts, 18 posts were proposed by the support of the support costs and additional 18 posts are funded by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 path " is the key reference for the government of chen shui-bian's government.
 right, it's right to make a double-edged sword, and we have the charts and graphs.
 in addition, the transport department has increased daily raids on the spot on the spot on the spot on the spot.
 as for political and religious freedom not only written in the constitution, not only is written in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that at 0999:30, the conference is a room for 10 105 rooms at the us congress.
 the record shall be subject to 3 years after completion of the record.
 as a result, there has been a reduction of a total of 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok bangkok in the bangkok centre is being prepared in the bangkok centre for the year.
 we fully support the statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives of the united nations.
 during the period, taxis may be able to drop off the carparpark carparparparparpark.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers of the united nations is a transparent measure of the legitimate transfer of arms between states.
 according to the latest figures, some local employers have continued to streamline its manpower as a result of economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires social consensus. "
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but also persons who have not received refugee status.
 when i went to the children, i have been very serious and very serious.
 the human rights and rights committee of africa also participated in the international seminar.
 research on the gender differences and inequality affecting the risk of the risk of risk.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biological and environmental protection bureau, it is estimated that the technology potential for commercial applications could be generated by these technologies.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) for a period of two years starting from january next year.
 i would like to pay particular attention to the elderly.
 " the east asian region has all along been a surplus of financial surplus.
 swd has been contacted by swd by the swd to provide counselling counselling for the family and to provide counselling counselling.
 a maximum of about 80 per cent of the total cost of the state.
 these developments have further increased strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor in west timor.
 it has already been exhausted, and the resources have already been exhausted.
 it also agreed that all foreign forces, regardless of whether or not, to withdraw the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment of the police, wages, training and management of the prison guards also apply to the prison guards.
 " the checks also found that the load is available to traffic, utility facilities and other loadings. "
 after nearly 30 years, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or were reflected in some international conventions.
 the buildings department comprises the department's office and the house floor.
 it is envisaged that the deployment of all helicopters before the 1 round of balloting is envisaged.
 we wish hong kong for hong kong to be a brighter of sunny.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been a major driving force for economic development.
 therefore, we should first stress that nuclear powers have been carried out by nuclear powers to the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 by contrast, the united states's largest internet service is only one of every 20 users in a network of networking.
 since the opening of the reforms, small and medium-sized enterprises throughout the country have made a major contribution to the strategic objectives of the world.
 in my country, it will soon be a sooner, and the three-year-old woman will be able to go to five centimeters.
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can enjoy the appearance of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardian of the guardian to abandon the right of guardianship.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed upon by the conference include the implementation of a uniform document for the country of the region.
 it's a good friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers ' unemployment, employment and job difficulties have already caused some time for some time.
 " even if it comes to taiwan, " even if it comes to taiwan's " live ", he says.
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its real role.
 as a result, the average inflation rate of inflation last year has increased considerably.
 that is to say, in hong kong's mainland china and taiwan's veterinary college, the right to use drugs and antibiotics.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the same project has also been made on the previous weekends on the weekend.
 the project can also allow more public awareness of the importance of cultural diversity and the maintenance of such diversity as well as in this regard.
 given the number of applications received by single persons, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase the quota of loans.
 the above-mentioned assets were carried out on the basis of the code of criminal procedure and was chaired by the judge.
 it is evident that the students ' death of students should not be allowed, and it is also the only way for him.
 provision of basic medical supplies are provided for the provision of basic medical supplies for the unrwa's health-care facilities (the catalogue) for unrwa.
 the land reform plan is not only a redistribution of land.
 on this subject, the conference attempted to remind people's attention, every 20 minutes, to death or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 later, there were some crafts of crafts and crafts to be purchased by some crafts.
 motorists are advised to follow the conduct of traffic instructions and compliance with the police officers.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was surprising, since the legal advisers had previously been subjected to his under-secretary-general.
 in the case of ilo, benin, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expansion of the existing social security system or individual scope.
 the amputation of the amputation has left their lives and impact on their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries in a number of developing countries.
 after the implementation of this scheme, a number of colleagues expected to have a journey of lifelong learning.
 he was said that he was subsequently hideed after his father filed a written complaint.
 other nb officers also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place of low-skilled job opportunities is the low-level services sector.
 this project shows that small-scale funding approaches to the small-scale small-scale enterprises are based on the policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 just now, mrs miriam lau said that " the " youth charter " was the " youth charter ".
 the three men were suspected to be defrauding money in conspiracy to deception of the woman.
 they should be open to the development of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies, in order to implement a gradual market.
 on the basis of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and the united states to war against iraq.
 the concept of real development should encompass the full respect for all universal universally universally accepted human rights.
 state practice shows that the length of the length of the right of the persons concerned had the length of the length of option.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is a fervent to look at the agenda of the security council, following its consideration of the agenda.
 there has been a large number of countries to reduce the population of poverty, although in the asian economic crisis.
 as a result, some of the countries of poverty have not been denied funds.
 recognition of the roles of neighbouring countries in security and the economic sphere.
 " the security council expresses its deep concern at the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to the achievement of more interdependents and co-operated with them.
 mr ng found that, the development, manufacture and marketing of medicine, manufacturing and sale, as well as many world consumer goods.
 since then, the veterinary officers also arrived at the scene to confirm the symptoms of avian flu.
 the secretariat analyses a large number of missions surveyed by the secretariat and verify the rates of self-sufficient rates.
 if there are floods in the northwest new territories north, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 the capitalism of legal and ethic capitalism has often resulted in drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 after the 1 works of the emperor's work, chen chao-chien's 1 works for the work of the world's work.
 the two-way navigation on the two-way navigationals in the two-way navigation can be shortened to around 40 minutes.
 the report has been described as a comprehensive description of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories.
 <unk> not to bring large quantities of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were killed and 38 individuals were burned alive.
 the working group and the international human rights service, the working group, together with the rights of minority groups, has dealt with those issues in 1997.
 28 immigration officers officers and 13 officers of the department of immigration officers have raided 7 targeted units in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting authority should take into account measures that may need to change.
 the economies of developed and developing countries, as well as countries with economies with economies in transition, are very important in the developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800, 800, more than 800, were alleged to have been killed by the people of nepal (japanism).
 in accordance with a law with a law, a person convicted of the terrorist acts of terrorist activities, under existing legislation, will have a legal liability.
 sir, after closed next year, it will be possible to be able to resolve the problem.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children killed in armed conflict, with more than 600 million permanently disabled or wounded.
 in this way, there is a great help in the development of development.
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the government in the development of the north-west.
 a warning letter will be issued to the department's failure to make improvements or failure to do so.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 furthermore, we have once again been one of the world's most competitive and competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract with kinmen's construction contract with kinmen's construction contract with kinmen's construction contract.
 i have to see the laws of hong kong in order to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, in a field of pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 from june to july this year, most of the major sectors of the major sector were unemployed and underemployed conditions.
 this is not easy, but if this is a quota system, more people with disabilities can be absorbed by the market.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiations on the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international terrorism.
 the regulations, together with the factories and industrial operations, will provide effective implementation of the protection scheme.
 the letter has not been able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the correct framework for the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some areas of the world, the absolute number of people in poverty and the relative number of people are growing.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the darfur conflict was a dispute between herdders in the region with crops in the area of crops.
 the amendment has been reserved for the development of public facilities for the development of fire services bureau and the open space of open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details will also be provided to improve proficiency to improve proficiency.
 in the face of the winds and from time to time to time, chen sits on the face of the cold and from time to time.
 as a matter of fact, the draft garrison's recommendations on the draft garrison act with the current british british forces.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre for the judiciary is not an incentive to encourage the proceedings.
 the chairpersons of the joint conference said that the discussion was very useful and will take follow-up action.
 in addition, we will be able to prepare for the review of the district boards in 2003.
 transport corridors located on 1 avenue was restricted to the transport corridors on 1 avenue.
 with the relocation of the village, the villagers used to be intelligence over 2200000 trees.
 <unk> 25 <unk> the institute for the institute for land transfer was established as an institution of the land transfer plan, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 in accordance with the information provided, the advisory committee is not opposed to these posts.
 anyone who has any information on the whereabouts of the girl or even the girl is urged to call mong kok police station at 2398 632.
 in 1997, the institute designated an official document for improving quality and increase in productivity programmes.
 this morning, we do not have a lot of time to talk about three issues.
 to that end, the importance of education to education is a necessary means and means to promote social development.
 ruf is not the army, and it also affirms the command of the forces of the army.
 the field assets control system is aimed at the disposal of a series of audits in the assets of the united nations assets.
 but it cannot be possible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the environment, these substances have to be non-existent, without radioactive, non-existence and non-existence.
 the treason occurred in the 14 century.
 worse still, the threat of destruction of nuclear weapons appears to have been rooted in the brains of many people.
 in the village, the village was all scared.
 armed conflict in the darf region began in february last year.
 it is a part of the international protection for human rights, in particular respect for the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect for the pluralistic system.
 the procedure of the commission is confidential, in accordance with the rules of confidentiality, any documentation or address of address.
 but as the economy gradually recovers, we believe that hong kong's future will rebound.
 the so-called choice is to choose whether or not the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but in the long term, this will be a challenge.
 they tend to retreat down indifference.
 at that time, governor patten was moving forward to the general election of the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed on friday, 16 november 2001 sydney, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one person has so far been sent to the court for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to guarantee the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life and the loss of life, in particular children, is not always sad and sadly beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 the tables seized in the operation include $ 50000.
 in recent years, there has been a dramatic change in the world economy.
 these guidelines are shown in the websites of the buildings department and have been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they were of their view that it was the level of science and technology, which is not a scientific doctrine.
 while member states have requested to strengthen the field representative, its progress is being hampered by resource shortages.
 at about 3 p.m. at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was bombed in the vicinity of a car bomb.
 senior security guards at the session of the session, as well as the individual, will receive a special permit to the security and security of the united nations security office.
 the latest map-to-date messages from the latest maps and information have been transmitted to the rescue agencies.
 the scheme has been planed to 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies in its mandate have been carried out in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia provide legal protection to hiv <unk> aids, and protect the human rights of these people.
 as a result, i would also like to turn again to the housing department for further inspection.
 drop-out rates in secondary schools are still higher than boys, in secondary schools and universities.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 there are no difficulties in the establishment and access of private schools.
 i cannot imagine that it has changed her decision.
 when motorists are accumulated, we will receive a warning letter from the transport department.
 in the hands of the united states, it is, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman, the president of the world bank of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, it is not as so as to do business.
 consideration should also be given to the spread of the international system for the past decade, in particular globalization and new technologies.
 some people could not say, " it's surely.
 cuba has been proposed to abolish the sugar quotas in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit a public job.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day is also required to report to the police.
 mr. skson made a statement on the modernization of the hong kong trademark ordinance.
 the more, the more, the more, the more we have to vote, is of course the more representative.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles about 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be located at about 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, they will be able to rest with the rest of the rest.
 this approach is obviously the administrative officer of administration.
 in december 1963, armed attacks had been an armed attack on the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are working with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the court hearing. "
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation to the work of the delegation for the work of the topic.
 there are no people to go to him.
 with regard to the instability of the status of marriage, she asked whether a study was made to identify the root causes of the family.
 the fact is that the environment is worse than a year earlier.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of members of the committee and the special adviser for innovation and technology adviser.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking industry.
 it is therefore important that information and access to information on access to information has already contributed to non-governmental organizations and other important groups.
 the delegation said that the majority of this council had been caused by external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " the accomplishments and efforts made by our colleagues in the past and the current present endeavours.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living of children and improve services, parents will pay some costs on the basis of household income.
 there is, however, need to make further efforts in order to improve the results of the work of the relevant countries.
 the implementation of those criminal acts cannot be allowed to provide refuge for those who are implemented, finance, or other means of support.
 on july 26, the taxi driver in sha tin can go through sha tin and see a guard of two burglary suspects.
 it is the view of the council that he must be responsible for their own actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of him or to contact his customers.
 article 54 of the constitution states that foreign expatriates in territorial territory shall be protected by law in accordance with the same protection of the haitian people.
 the member states of the states members of the european union have been unanimously consistent with the instructions of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is quite anger and immediately followed by a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of " limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems ".
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be disarmed by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to put themselves on behalf of their own.
 it's hard to make a knife-to-the-speaked wooden board to be sold in a pluralium.
 a six years ago, the fishing industry in the fisheries industry has taken six years.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has adopted a multi-ethnic, multicultural, multicultural and multi-cultural society.
 the hkma will implement the regulatory functions in accordance with the regulatory methods and standards of the sfc by the sfc.
 the stark's return was returned to the throne for the first time.
 we would like to see that the university of peace is a truly universality and commitment to the truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important element of projections and projections, for private and commercial planning and research.
 more than ever ago, he was invited to attend the chinese new year's eve.
 the united states government recognizes that diplomatic immunity should be entitled to diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of conviction is to pay for an instrument of adjudication.
 in the course of the competition, students had to cope with the accident, such as power cuts, such as power cuts, interruptions, equipment and nakes.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and to implement proposals for implementation.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have any particular reference to the use of the use of companies with one or a company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people will avoid the name of the names of the names of the names.
 the staff of the department of health (dh) has provided their families to their families and take a disinfection to his home.
 i now turn to the issue of post-conflict peace-building issues in view of the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to address the recommendations proposed by the special rapporteur.
 at the time of the necessary action, we reject the attention of the focus on a single area.
 we are focusing on the process of the question of the question of the question of the question of the middle east issue.
 if members of the council agree, i would like to do so.
 these include threats to the concept of sovereignty, including the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of security and peace in the world cannot be seen from the development of the international community.
 a number of emergency emergency was extended on 15 december.
 a few days after the occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention locations.
 the unique nature of the missile is very suitable for the use of threats, deterrence, self-defence, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy is to adopt a platform for an open standard software products as far as possible.
 in addition, there are 1006-year-old child-care centres, and there are 106.
 in this wake of this incident, both sides have taken military operations, but the front line has not changed.
 in addition, the general assembly has also designed a number of new interesting games to the test.
 however, the relevant departments will take immediate action to the relevant departments.
 the committee may have a new image with the recent images of the commission's databases (about 15000).
 the estimate of a 10 per cent vacancy rate has been recorded in the category of employment.
 from coal to natural gas to natural gas, the use of sulphury, nitrogen and diox emissions were also reduced to natural gas.
 the works will commence early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large-scale establishments refers to more than 100 or more or more or more than 50 or more people.
 in accordance with article 23 of the swedish code, article 23 of the swedish criminal code, the penalties for the purpose of an offence is lower than that of an offence.
 the general assembly recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 (china) (spoke in chinese): on 23 july, the kings of kingsan kingsan king hasansan ii, king of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda's operation in rwanda, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations and the rest of the remaining 19 were organised by swd.
 in conclusion, i wish to refer two of the special concerns of spain.
 there will be a case in which the vehicle was found to be illegal.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") is inadequate.
 <unk> 8 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 more than 2000 basins will be displayed during the easter holidays during the easter festival period from 13 to 16.
 the survey will provide a full standard of living standards of the entire territory, particularly in poverty, and in particular poverty.
 one of the people's attention is the introduction of a new set of games this year.
 the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 was precisely the trend of human rights in 1993.
 people are also aware of the use of vomiting, and other disorders.
 15 catholics and the international charitable division of humanitarian organizations, as well as many of his staff, are reportedly being executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation had been revised in 1999 with a view to empowering its power to investigate and compete with competition management.
 the ministry of foreign affairs of japan and south korea was held in beijing in beijing.
 he will speak at the luncheon of the hong kong trade development council and the representative of the french community.
 the international community can co-operate with each other.
 the ministry of finance has responded to a response by the ministry of finance on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market, and the property property prices will not be big.
 just now, mr lau ping-cheu has just said that if it is to apply, i would like to inform <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the legislative council on the proposal may be found in the 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it is essential that the countries stockpile are beginning to collect data related to their storage and production of production and production.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables have been obtained from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of other words, such as " vested people ".
 i believe that many people do not agree with this view, but it would object to the implementation of the land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, there is a need to agree on traffic <unk> transport matters to be agreed upon with regional forests.
 the angolan armed forces also took over the south-eastern part of the country's armed forces in the south-east of the country.
 in the case of the extension of the project, we intend to continue to prove that as a result of the extension of the project.
 they have adopted a model of germany's resurface train models and speed speed up quickly, and the cost of the price is $ 8000000000.
 it was received by the court in 2001.
 such work is still subject to the division's division, and there is a need to take into consideration and ratification.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island in order to be held on hong kong island in order to take place.
 the private universities also pay relief fees for the payment of tuition fees.
 improving our relationship with egypt and the restoration of multilateral negotiations is essential for further realization of our common objectives.
 he has a strong strength of his strong strength, and he has been hesitated by him.
 some police officers will be asked to ask the members of the perpetrators.
 although they show that those who were not feeling uncommunized for pharmaceuticals, the quality of drugs is being sold through a german company through a german company.
 it welcomes the ratification of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon states.
 israel has also continued to make the opening up of the tunnel to the west of al-qud al-sharif al-sharif al-qud al-sharif.
 in fact, after the lunar new year holidays, the travel industry department has not received any complaints from tourists.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has conducted depreciation of depreciation to reflect the service of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the right of the demonstration, i agree that we should not be able to let our mind in this regard.
 the private car immediately stopped the scene along tai kok street to tai chung street.
 although the evidence is in place, they are still being defended today.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that it is not fair to considering their respective roles and missions, and it is not appropriate.
 i am confident that not only will not only affect the future.
 the political infection of the environment, which is in the case of the environment, has no means to mention the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the same as the army.
 the indifference of citizens and voters is very high.
 this has caused the decline in the gaza strip and lead to salt water from the sea to the east.
 i believe that our weekly meeting of this assembly will show the resolve of the international health of the international community.
 i am also grateful to the secretary-general and appreciation for the report of the secretary-general for his consideration today.
 we need to fulfil the international responsibility.
 for its part, argentina has adopted a sacrifice of re-establishing democracy after the political instability of the decade.
 in the western gates of the west, only her old folk legend is a legendary.
 it is important that i am well aware of the fact that i am well aware of the fact that there is a great change of great change.
 it is, in fact, an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the sea.
 in the history of history, there is no other child's death.
 " the entire continent of peace " is the whole continent, and to the minds of the peoples of the peoples. "
 as chairman of the new consultant, i shall be able to build on a good basis in the previous ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means of impunity, and the desire for the entire international community as a whole.
 in recent years, seizures of cocaine seizures of cocaine seizures were seized in recent years and seized 913 kms in 2000.
 to that end, pakistan supports the mexican proposal that the united nations agencies consider careful consideration of the supplementary budget request by the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (ord) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industry.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle in his semi-conscious police police a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in the context of more effective and more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to make more clearly clearing the results of the press and evaluation results.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement was more short than my remarks, but i am now going to speak more than that.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to other international forums for dealing with the issue of counter-terrorism.
 a court of appeal in the united states had overthrown the court of appeal to the district court.
 with regard to this point, over 150000 displaced persons in the area of equa province and the 1 150000 displaced persons in kagaa province were denied assistance.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul at the end of july, international organizations had to go away from the city.
 in response to the current economic situation, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses.
 at the same time, i can only say a straight on the ground that the government is just a mouth and do not.
 currently, the operating budget of the current operating budget has been a total of less than us$ 40 per year.
 other than 10<unk> of the total value-of-the-sus$ non-us$ non-us dollar payment amount shall be established at a cost of 10 per cent of the exchange rate.
 the premier and mrs. the president.
 the world trade ministerial conference will be convened in seattle, which can be a suitable forum.
 mr tien said that, in the case of the 1 issue, it was proposed to be primary and secondary schools, university graduates and professional groups.
 therefore, if it is a more rich and more common expression, it is not easy to make a more rich and more common expression.
 regular and processing of <unk> amp; d. <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as for the specific contents of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically favouring.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports grew up to 2<unk>3 and colombian for 2<unk>3 and colombia made a high level of growth.
 the recent example is that the most recent example is in the building of a mirle, which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the contents of the various types of items that are envisaged is contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of hong kong will be held on a workshop on the workshop.
 the 12 juveniles arrested in june 15 were released on bail on bail pending further enquiries.
 it was not yet possible to see progress at the level of the israeli ministry of foreign affairs at all levels.
 the regional security system has expanded to expand information on anti-terrorist activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how to make information on the use of non-governmental organizations, their information and the commission's information.
 in order to protect consumers ' interests, i would like to speak on behalf of the democratic party today.
 turkey supported the implementation of the director-general to strengthen its policy on behalf of the director-general, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 the 15 different countries were shoes shoes.
 as a result of the signing of international treaties, the procedure for the application of the treaty shall be assisted.
 these realities must be resolved to ensure that the remaining 70000, or at least the majority of them are their homes.
 the list of national states is no longer short and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 the honourable lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the construction industry was also found in the construction industry, construction industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, some restrictions were made to the costs and expenditure of lawyers.
 it is essential that there must be a deadline for a period of time and not to be a punishment.
 at the weekend's weekend, these places are crowded with the children of their children, and the traffic will also be blocked.
 the bank does not wish to have any other one thing that the government instructed banks to deal with its business.
 for enquiries about the programme, please call 27 06119 99; please call 2734 899.
 therefore, taiwan's taiwan strait can be studied in a unit.
 procedure of the criminal code of the georgian penal code to article 201 of the georgian penal code in detail in detail the procedure for the assets of the assets.
 " apart from the case, we also believe that the need to extend to training and transport is necessary. "
 since the establishment of the united nations since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most sad dictatorship experienced in this continent.
 we are not in favour of a pressure to address the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask why i did not have any reason why i would like to join you.
 he was released a few days later by the indian army.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to stop the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 moreover, article 13 to article 18 should be considered by reference to the international institutional institutions of specific activities.
 central counsellor of the soviet embassy in italian embassy in italy.
 the legitimate codes of ethic ethics of ethic ethics in conflict areas should be developed.
 the preconditions should be the subject of fairness, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that the sale of all sale will be sold for sale at all over the above-mentioned meetings.
 in the same period, about 5300 people in hong kong were in hong kong, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i have put it out that it would be reflected in the handling of this issue, which reflects the fact that the balkans and people's history.
 when hong kong's future talks, some leaders of the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need families, social and social attention and care.
 it has been reported that these foods were exported in other parts of the area, which had been exported in other places.
 with regard to the choice of their children's name, luxembourg reservations have been made in the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed discussions and agree with the need to prevent arms into the country.
 from short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss the discussions with the industry to listen to their views.
 those who have been killed over the past 10 years, i would also like to go to all victims of the victims.
 chen kuang-li's talk about women's editions of taiwan's editions of all copyrights.
 the overall programme focuses on helping girls and women's self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and the palau are determined to maintain the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 28 1928, the ccp <unk> c <unk> c <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in the area of promoting chickens, there is a farmer with farmers and farms.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in this context, the committee was working to understand the full behaviour of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 those who have lost their lives.
 the main reason for the unutilized balance of unutilized balances was an end to the programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the international donor country, we will continue to continue direct contributions to the palestinians directly.
 scientific research and practical applications in the fields of satellite remote sensing should be strengthened.
 in accordance with the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region enjoy the election and re-election.
 in the reporting period, 40 business enterprises in the service industry amounted to $ 216000, creates or saved 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council were involved in drafting a further response to the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank you for the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations themselves to provide assistance to our country.
 we are instructing friends to build up a good friend to know about their inadequate and honestness.
 the storm has also affected hong kong, and it is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, it was closed yesterday.
 after the protest of the assembly, some of the population began to face the blockade on the blockade, and the police was disturbed to the public with high pressure.
 the work of the work programme for the establishment of trade points (the annex 4) was established only in recent years.
 the most important thing is to respect the civil service, allowing them to discuss together with the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the impact of the pension system in the pension system, which is even more significant than that of men.
 (c) the commander of the commander of the commander of the commander of the commander of the commander of the commander of the commander of the office of the office is to reduce two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the growth of the world economy and the expected increase in international trade.
 the department of development, department of development and family development division, has undertaken publicity activities, national family, exhibitions and similar activities.
 the gizmonies of the giz gizmons: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 in the same position, the international community should be placed on the same position as a matter of fairness, equal and equal attention to human rights.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy that is under way.
 similar provisions in annex iii to the joint declaration is also found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked me.
 the dollar deposits dropped slightly by 0.6<unk> in july to november, and was only 0.6<unk> in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, it is clear that women's ability to participate in the ability of the economic and social rights of women depends on economic and social rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgency of the common issue of common concern.
 it must end up their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all the important elements of the success of all hong kong's success.
 in view of the above-mentioned position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution on this issue.
 of these 2000000000 us dollars, after all, only 1230000000 us dollars are used for the purchase of humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rents paid by households in hong kong.
 such an approach is to focus on whether it would be able to return to the original security council.
 he believes that the preparatory work in beijing and the beijing olympic games will certainly succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 in its recent session, the committee considered the key issues of productive employment at the last session of this year.
 the cyclical model of the economy is that we will be faced with the grave situation.
 the workplace protection for the protection of women in 2000 is also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks in the workplace.
 paraguay has also made significant improvements to bringing river transit corridors to the 2 of the main transport routes to road transport.
 we welcome everyone to see.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed to show that we will be able to develop as soon as possible.
 for the sake of the public, the importance of the hall of the general assembly of the general assembly of the general assembly of the general assembly.
 in most countries, the population of older persons is far higher than the population population.
 at 2 am today (friday), a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives of archives were also being robbed on 12 may 1994.
 it is a great honour to be invited to officiate at the opening ceremony of the " china space science technology ".
 they have disciplinary disciplines and acts of discipline, and the conduct of the united nations would be for themselves.
 these proposals have been in the light of the public's opinion in the masses.
 a police spokesman stressed that " two are ordinary letters and members of the public have not been too worried. "
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing persons who have been missing with missing persons missing in the kowloon east region.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide conference.
 when the 74-year-old boy, the 74-year-old man, and every day it depends on 100 patients every day.
 this incident took place in the way on the way in which there was an emigration of litititi.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons has several times.
 a number of industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to start a moratorium on debt.
 in this century and the millennium, the millennium has seen a great deal of great tragedies.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words on this issue, i would like to say a few words on this issue.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 the 3 phase of the genetic revolutionary revolution is called the biotechnology revolution.
 i think that the chinese government has promised to draft drafting the basic law to examine the accuracy of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for addressing many of these challenges.
 the provision is to cover the growing needs of the iraqi people to meet the growing demand for food and medicine.
 note: the chinese temple fund and the temple of chinese temple was promulgated shortly after the enactment of the chinese temple ordinance.
 it is sometimes difficult to distinguish between voluntary and compulsory recruitment of recruitment.
 in the first page of the day, i have written this letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate is high. it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be close to nearly 10<unk>.
 just now, mr ip also mentioned that there was a lot of voters in the community, and in the sino-british row.
 i also agree with the proposed amendments to the proposed amendments to reduce the recommendations of some of the administrative provisions.
 i am not here to repeat them here.
 some of the conclusions and recommendations of the review committee would be submitted to the commission's 1 session.
 management systems are a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the management of the united nations, budget and financial work.
 if you are still doing so, it's easy to buy a lot.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs services, the lands department, the lands department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out the verification work above.
 mr. wang ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are not capable of ensuring safety.
 the text was to put a few political choices and rights to the countries concerned after the implementation of an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report, police officers received an investigation into the three rooms on march 27, with three rooms on march 27.
 they must be accepted by the continuing professional training of their <unk> mandates.
 in late february each year, the education department is invited to take part in the central allocation process to select schools in march.
 however, the implementation of these technology is enormous.
 originally, i would also like to say that he was very good he heinous.
 in operative paragraph 3, the contradictions of the paragraph 3.
 the minimum age for service will benefit from all the societies of the community.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the insolvency representative in the draft guide.
 i would not repeat the arguments earlier earlier. i only hope you will be able to give them a good job.
 in the case of other speakers, the chairman shall announce the closure of the debate.
 he said: " if you are working in their work, we often meet the darkness of humanity, or even the most dark. "
 i think that the level of the ceiling should be kept in the future in the future.
 the sisters of the 2 sisters are suffering from starvation, and rescued a day for a day.
 " we should continue to strive to improve the standard of service, which is the expectations of the community.
 this can be a major step forward in the future.
 the community of the community is now clearly in favour of a bill of rights in order to establish these freedom.
 in my view, the government is like " itself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it was on air safety as a safer and prevented them from the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will be substantially slow.
 the united kingdom believed that the court should be in line with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital outflows in the short term, i think the government should have more actively to implement policies.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties concerning the multilateral covenant and the agreements also included the issue of reservations of reservations.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is in the process of establishing a genuine democratic state.
 it has also been reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly held a 7, including five children.
 " it will be submitted as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this has enabled the poor to become more vulnerable.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is indeed an ideal city.
 a number of countries, such as smuggling smuggling, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange.
 over 95<unk> of salaries tax and personal income taxpayers can be received from the tax tax in the next two weeks.
 we must overcome, however, to overcome the sadness of japan.
 preparations for women in the sudan, welfare and social development department are responsible for the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the secretary of the secretary-general for the coordination of administrative services and the chairman of the organization of the organization of the secretary-general.
 this exhibition is an organization of the united nations permanent mission to cooperate with the department of public information, on friday, 5 november.
 it is equally clear that life expectancy is the difference (table 3 and chart 5).
 the 2 is the checks and balances between the administration and legislation.
 even in the days of the shelling of the shell, there is no other work in the street.
 this year, after all, it may be different.
 next, let us take a look at the bush policy of the bush government in the past.
 in addition, members may also observe the investigation of the complaints against police office.
 it would be very good for me to speak with the vice-president, and i laughed to me.
 despite a good financial performance, a structural adjustment programme has not been able to achieve its goals in the gross domestic product.
 yes, there is a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations is a very important position, we must have the united nations to make the united nations to make a way forward to developments.
 the financial secretary's budget was mentioned in his budget in his budget.
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing the repair works under the ground and to carry out the expenditure on the expenditure.
 after the election, i believe that this is the last meeting of the legislative council meeting.
 the spokesman said, " the number of industrial accidents and accident rates have been downward.
 the croatian police have also been carrying out a foot and vehicle patrols on a regular footing and vehicle patrol areas.
 on the fundamental issue of the three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung noted that the ed had misunderstandings about the education department.
 it is now that the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the introduction of the registration scheme, the administration will consider carefully the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee: mr martin lee, you should be asked to ask questions on the issue.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been " winds " and it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the last one-day visit to washington.
 exports from developing countries from developing countries has increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is scheduled to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 as far as her her husband she shoe her shoes, her husband shoe.
 <unk> 152 <unk>, despite the need to analyse the data and a large number of data, the content of the annex is relatively small.
 however, the report noted that although the local market had food and special attention, the purchasing power of the people are extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and suggested that the current rate of 23.7 per cent was retained.
 the gains achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be done so far.
 the administration has been ad hoc grouped to recognize the interests of the sovereignty of the sovereign state.
 however, in the meantime, our economy has continued to grow, and the surplus of the cmbers has many states.
 it should be like this.
 the under-secretary-general has been determined by the under-secretary-general for the work of the commission.
 over the years, a large number of documents have shown that due to inadequate water shortages, due to inadequate water shortages.
 the treaty is restricted to the prohibition of nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons, the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons.
 because they replied, they were not able to receive his hospitality.
 overall, it is much greater than that of its part.
 (b) the clp c <unk> amp; c <unk> c <unk> amp; c <unk> c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk>
 people in the green paper are really saying that the green paper is really said to be eight road.
 1993 became a witness to china's appointments in 1993 and to become a member of the arbitration institute in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 the priority is aimed at a long-term strengthening of the capacity of national and protection for human rights and protection of infrastructure.
 the average working hours of this group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 it is necessary to use the use of international law as the most powerful.
 at present, science and technology, rapid economic cooperation is unprecedented, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 there is also a great deal of understanding between the chinese and western paintings of the museum.
 in a sense of rationalness and sensitivity, he is in a sense of sensitivity.
 i spoke on the response to the exploitation of sexual exploitation in west africa.
 however, it is most fundamental that the angolans themselves are truly committed to peace and national reconciliation.
 chinese exporters and investors have grown significantly in the eu's activities.
 there are few indications of the presence of the fiji.
 such seminars were very tired, but it was felt that this was not a waste of money.
 on the other hand, it has been the most powerful species of taiwan's most powerful species in brazil.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination in different forms of remuneration, or those who have been subjected to servitude in the job.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of the country's economy.
 today, saint lucia is the 1 time in the history of women in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations had tried to influence a government.
 this fanle phenomenon is a product of a new system for a new system in the other countries of the state.
 recently, there have been many groups who had not been able to speak in 1988.
 however, there will be a continued resources for east timor as long as there are still large numbers of refugee returns.
 in the capital baghdad, a police office was attacked by car bombs, causing at least five people and 19 wounded.
 in the last few months, the police have been charged with human rights violations or criminal acts of human rights and other irregularities.
 his election highlights the merits of his personality and his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented ", the entire trade cannot survive.
 a 10-metre cm at 10 cms is required to 173 pairs of threak and 133 pairs of threaks.
 in order to " lift the word ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the case of non-discriance, the debtor continues to be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the assets of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, especially mutual legal assistance, will result in the results of the future.
 however, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress in the immediate steps of the urgent need.
 in the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity, but there were no casualties.
 the council also started to hold a new " mixed " meeting, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo pointed out that all measures have been taken to ensure that it is not far from the future.
 as mentioned above, it does not mention the office of the office.
 i am accepted by the secretary for constitutional affairs, that is why some of the things are very close to the election.
 the equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies still need to be filled, and the meeting was suspended on the same day.
 the carpark centre is also required to be closed.
 at present, the growth of clients portfolios continued to grow steadily.
 many people have been able to be able to do so, but they will not be able to do so, and so on the backs for their backs.
 in mid-july this year, li has visited japan in the 8 world conference on behalf of my country.
 the 3 meeting of the least developed countries will be held in brussels on 14 and 20 may 2001.
 the works are part of a comprehensive development plan for the island island.
 according to this commitment, france would report to the secretariat as soon as possible to the secretariat to submit a report to the secretariat.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for the secretariat to participate fully in the preparation of the background document, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the human settlements commission.
 in november 12, new york, new york, new york, november 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the seventh is the well-being of well-being, he has been satisfied with the satisfaction and dedication of the girl friend.
 " the " safety of the hong kong occupational safety and health management " is a keynote.
 if you want to ask you one thing, you have to look for you.
 the new advantages of the hong kong new airport is the most advanced and other technical instruments that are established.
 in spite of the limited economic difficulties of families, many small money can be able to make a large amount of money.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, the content of the draft is too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law and to preserve the rule of law.
 <unk> 15 <unk> the percentage of the resources allocated for programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states needed their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 this writer, of course, does not oppose the employment of university university students.
 at the age of 50 years, lin was found to have been detected at the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed the house of the village, which was destroyed in the village, and burnt the other.
 some of the above-mentioned symptoms are all advised to consult the doctor in order to facilitate the control and governance of the disease.
 child prostitution refers to the use of remuneration, access or to facilitate the use of the use of children.
 these are not remarkable achievements.
 meanwhile, the year-on-year rate of increase in orders for the metal products industry increased further by 2<unk> in value.
 equally important, it is important that the debt debt accounted for 1<unk>3 of its export earnings.
 after a multi-sessional debate and for many years, we are now moving back to the start.
 the economic and social council consists of 14 panels of panels, and members are members of their personal participation, rather than states.
 a more in-depth tactic training training is provided by the expert unit.
 the entire project is to be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be taken to replace the north-south cooperation and should be seen as a complementary complement.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed, and there are many changes in traditional family structures.
 in order to ensure the quality of quality of chinese language textbooks, the administration has set up a chinese language text.
 the other saying is that, " banks ' best want to do so. "
 they are said to have been wounded.
 while his delegation appreciated the role of unctad in this area, the panellistlists were only interesting questions, and no solutions had been made.
 the united nations military contingents will help to prevent those who might wish to interfere with the democratization of the democratization of democratization.
 however, it is important to see trade, health, health and management, as well as in the context of such policies.
 however, the authorities reportedly denied that he had been transferred to the court, while since then there was no whereabouts of the whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the particular interests of political parties, the election of the political parties should be able to be able to maintain strict control and transparent transparency.
 it is expected to be completed in 2000.
 it's not surprising that sun li-yun had encountered numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprise commission, mr chan wing-yen, was submitted to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, there was a wide land in the new territories and only under the control of collective officials.
 we welcome these areas. "
 if we do not want to " love your " love. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in the iraqi security forces seemed to be the sky, regardless of whether the authorities or the people of the people are not.
 please be invited to explore a series of five series of new zealand's new zealand's 4 round of new zealand.
 the commission had adopted the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) by the commission on 18 june 1998.
 15 during the experimental system, it was suggested that the impact of an impact was to be affected higher than district and preservation.
 the national television station broadcasts a few programmes on a number of programmes which could help to improve the public awareness of this problem.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, employment and income exceeds the minimum wage for employment.
 in general, these information would not be disclosed.
 he is perfecting that he has always been committed to the achievement of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the body to review the relevant international standards for review by the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will seek a suitable job for non-resident graduates to find suitable vacancies and assist them in employment. "
 as china has recently joined the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, this cooperation has led to a substantial increase in the volume of two companies.
 recently, one of the scholars from the mainland in hong kong came from the mainland.
 as a whole, there is an existing system of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, then it was a guarantee of his hands, and the safety of thousands of human security.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, which demonstrates the importance of their attention to the importance of self-government.
 the mark was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 at present, " taipei's dignity " signboards are now on the door of the new paintings.
 the official said that the official said, " it's not just as an official, " the spokesman said.
 born in new zealand in 1944 in new zealand, rice, rice and australian university, canberra university and australia university.
 in the traditional market, two chickens and other chickens are engaged in their business.
 details of the proposal, both in both english and chinese, have been put up at a nearby site for public inspection.
 because the dpp is a new democratic progressive movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a lot of employees ' choice.
 the claimant provides for export credit guarantees for export crediters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for the implementation of the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention was to be paid to the accuracy of the requirements of the requirements.
 according to the health act, all persons in estonia have the right to obtain medical care (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's office in bangkok, saying: " nobody knows how much is the cost. "
 zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou.
 madam president, today, the secretary michael suen is the " food ", and we don't stop him.
 in the atmosphere of the dark, i might say that some of the things may be more open.
 in the annex, the government of japan contains comments on the above-mentioned statement contained in the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance of the performance, the viewers received enthusiastic responses to members and staff members.
 i may also refer some examples of the fact that some of those suffering from chronic diseases have been denied unconscious.
 it is necessary to amend the plan for amendment to reflect the latest developments in kowloon hang.
 actually, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting the importance of ensuring gender issues in the 2001 census of the year 2001.
 she has the highest standard of morality and all the rights of all citizens.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the need to take part in a range of activities, ranging from prevention, prosecution and trafficking in the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee notes that in some cases, reports were mentioned in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in ordinary cases, 100 fighters per hour of small arms can be used to small arms ammunition.
 secondly, the reduction of the situation is reduced.
 we shall first act on the draft resolution entitled economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughters daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in the current peacekeeping fund.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general of the under-secretary-general under-secretary-general under-secretary-general.
 the decline in developing countries has led to a decline in the attractiveness of foreign investment.
 a international seminar was held in prague on 24 and 25 june 1998 on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributable to the concepts of concepts that have been achieved in the past 5 years.
 aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans suffering from the suffering of children and orphans; it has increased their suffering.
 during the month of january this year, mr. sergio de mello, mr. sergio de mello, proposed that the strengthening of the civilian police has been generally enhanced.
 the assessment of our assessment is that there is no need for return to sierra leone or liberia.
 youth accounted for 19 per cent of the population of africa, which is in the light of the current population growth rate in africa.
 at the same time, the situation is even more bad, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea and india.
 in the united states, a typical person in the united states will spend 1000 hours at 1 000 hours.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a worthy topic to play.
 the office of the office of internal oversight services requested the ministry of disarmament to assist the member states of the new political will of the member states.
 the financial condition of our economy is not good than the united kingdom, so there is absolutely no need for unnecessary danger.
 laden's image was last seen at the end of 2004, but his deputy jazawai, his deputy.
 the 4 area is the establishment of a national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the council has set up a working group on the reduction of waste reduction schemes for this purpose.
 mr martin lee said the government did not respond to this matter. "
 when hu was the last day of the performance, hui-ming, a chinese music scholar, is a contributor to the farmer of the farmer.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict areas, children are in need of care and children in society.
 the bosnian serb forces carried out military attacks on the civilian population, and there are casualties on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that a total of 10400 visits in the next two weeks have been completed, with a response rate of 90<unk>.
 the chickens were carried out by the chickens to the market, testing and blood test. "
 he said that the secretariat hoped that the executive board would continue to provide guidance on whether they continue to continue.
 the demilitarized zone of the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extended 10 kilometres to 10 kilometres and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of the children employed in the family service are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been set for a number of measures to ensure the needs of the female prisoners.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 taiwan's 1 tool for the 1 part of taiwan has also come to taiwan because of war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect north china in the north china and south china.
 the section reviewed the reasons for the right to food in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle was rubbed into taiwan.
 the penal code and criminal procedure have been revised in order to strengthen national legal systems.
 appropriate legal sanctions against any person engaged in weapons of arms would be able to promote the process of adherence to the manufacture of manufacture.
 the government and the business sector had already started to consolidate confidence in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget is too large, and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 at the dinner of the dinner, the hong kong ballet was performed by the hong kong ballet.
 speaking at the event, the director of home affairs, mrs. director of home affairs, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting took place in the bombing of the taliban forces in the north-western part of the north-western part of the abd al-jarad al-bad.
 data from computer systems are very easy to visit the number of computer systems and the other related major issues.
 this document will include a voluntary basis on the voluntary security situation in the asean region, stating that there are important developments in the security situation, as well as to them.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods will be returned, but the soldiers said that he was delayed.
 " the more effective implementation of the mpf system will be the best burden of the mpf system. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of vehicles from the united nations assistance mission from rwanda from the united nations rwanda mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people of the people, such as the enemy, and therefore, the people will not be able to do.
 the railway system is an integral part of the quality of transport systems.
 according to the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think that this will be very sorry for my voters.
 through this election, china is fully ensured that hong kong is a free class of hong kong.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to make use of this procedure, they did not use them.
 as a result, it's not a good path to other people. "
 the results will be issued in july.
 johnson works for more than half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great doubt today that the bill has been implemented in the transitional period.
 he was arrested by the united states following the arrival of los angeles in los angeles in the united states after the arrival of los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented a briefing to the hong kong economy in 2003 and the future economy.
 economies also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 some experts indicated that statistics indicate that statistics have not been reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we have to select different types of bricks in different regions of different regions.
 since the opening of economic reforms and opening-up in china, the exchange rate of exchange rates has long been a long-term market.
 in the shanghai forum, it has been established in the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that it has changed.
 we will continue to persuade young people to provide a very negative impact on the health of young people.
 part of the outcomes: in addition to religious studies, social studies, mathematics, agriculture, agriculture and readings are rarely women.
 this year, the total revenue of this year is $ 102020, compared with $ 825600 compared with $ 825600 last year.
 these provisions should be used by the chinese side.
 non-financial projects carried out in other currencies are calculated on the basis of the united nations operational exchange rate in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have more than two years of hong kong's best service providers in hong kong.
 in the wake of the incident, i am aware of the strong dissatisfaction with the government concerned to accept such acts.
 " it is necessary to reflect the latest land use for the port of the north-east lantau port.
 this has forced the negotiations to be suspended at the stage.
 to that end, the member states need to pay their assessed contributions on time, full and unconditionally with their legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 after half a century, mankind is living in a dangerous nuclear danger.
 he said that as a result of these issues, a member of the cabinet, headed by the prime minister.
 when we are prepared in order to be prepared, the longer the time, the longer the time is to be done.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the gravity of the act is comparable to a similar violation of the geneva conventions of the geneva conventions.
 2 a summary of the important accounting policy for these statements apply to the financial statements of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in some places in the south of southern yunnan.
 on behalf of the government and people of the government of israel, i would like to thank the government of the government of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet done a plan to strengthen the undp structure of undp in undp.
 the bureau of the bureau of the bureau was chaired by the president of the bureau, as chairman of mali, mali, mali and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in the development of the right to development, planning, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is organizing an average of about 70 for an average of about 70 candidates, which can accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits fled the culprits, the victim entered into the house and he revealed that the incident was revealed.
 the administration has announced today's day today.
 for example, there are already purchased purchases in phase iii, but it is very late until the year 1998.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue and should be able to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has decreased by 30 per cent.
